yeah
I try to use insect repellents
that are natural so my
number-one ingredient is hard
next is genuine old-fashioned
turpentine that my friends is
insect repellent there's a
couple of things I might mix in
with it but that's a secret so I
think I'm pretty good shape if
they get on me
hopefully they leave and go to
other buddies leave this dude
alone man he's got it figured
out there are 63 different
species of mosquitoes in Georgia
living in an open-air fishing
deck just above the swamp
it's frontiersman Colbert little
protection from their nocturnal
rad just hard to sleep with
mosquitoes climbing all over
your ears and in your eyes and
up your nose
the higher I get the less they
bother me
the treehouse is a place for me
to stay when rivers flooded and
it's a place for me to stay when
mosquitoes get really bad that
the ladder
I didn't design that for
everyday use it's hard to climb
that ladder with your arm full
of stuff so I've been playing
these this image in my mind of
building suspension bridge as a
primary access point from this
beam to materials
it's time to build my suspension
bridge it's a challenge it's a
lot of work but i gotta protect
myself from mosquitoes